
# DisputeData

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**recId** | **Long** | Unique ID assigned by Qualpay to dispute. |  [optional]
**merchantId** | **Long** | Unique ID assigned by Qualpay to a merchant. |  [optional]
**incomingDate** | **String** | The date the dispute was issued. |  [optional]
**amtTran** | **Double** | The amount of the original settled transaction. |  [optional]
**amtDispute** | **Double** | The amount of the dispute; equal to or less than the amt_tran (when in USD). |  [optional]
**reasonCode** | **String** | The card association&#39;s reason why the dispute was issued. |  [optional]
**reasonDesc** | **String** | The card association&#39;s reason code desc why the dispute was issued. |  [optional]
**dataType** | **String** | The type of dispute. For all types, please refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;/developer/api/reference#dispute-type\&quot;target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Dispute Type&lt;/a&gt; |  [optional]
**cbrWorkflow** | **String** | The type of dispute workflow. For all types, please refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;/developer/api/reference#dispute-workflow\&quot;target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Dispute Workflow&lt;/a&gt; |  [optional]
**status** | **String** | Current Dispute Status. |  [optional]
**dateStatusChange** | **String** | The date the dispute&#39;s status most recently changed. |  [optional]
**cardNumber** | **String** | The truncated card number of the dispute. |  [optional]
**tranDate** | **String** | The date of the initial transaction. |  [optional]
**referenceNumber** | **String** | The bank reference number of the deposit. |  [optional]
**cbRefNum** | **String** | Issuer provided reference number for this transaction. |  [optional]
**vendorId** | **Long** | Unique Vendor ID assigned by Qualpay to integrator. |  [optional]
**purchaseId** | **String** | Purchase Identifier (also referred to as the invoice number generated by the merchant). |  [optional]



